Angelina C: Be waiting, but I've been here.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, Angie. I'm glad you're here today. Thank you. I am. I've got a little issue here. So I am. I've got to be able to eat. So if you would just allow me to. I've got to eat or I won't make it the rest of the day.
Angelina C: That's fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm while I'm doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me know if maybe some context in your life has changed. Are you still working. You're still living the same place just kind of update me a little bit.
Angelina C: Okay. Um, let's see. I'll kind of go back to last week because we missed yesterday's group and everything's been going, Okay, I think I hit menopause. So this is no fun.
Angelina C: The sicknesses. They wanted me to go get because I had a doctor's appointment Tuesday. They didn't want me going, and because of the lupus. But I told them, since I'm
Angelina C: In the public eye, anyway.
Angelina C: My symptoms have been like this for like three weeks, but it's allergies. We've come to conclusions, but Tuesday, they, they told me I need to call the hotline and go get tested for it so
Angelina C: That's what I've been doing. And then just work has been doing a lot better. It's just menopause. Now, and it really sucks. I'm not. I never sweat. So to me, sweating is just
Angelina C: So I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me understand you're sweating and so who's asking you to get tested and for what okay
Angelina C: My doctor my regular primary
Angelina C: Asked me to go guess because of my cough and the field that I work in sheet. We have a clinic here. I've been sitting on the hotline. For the last two days.
Angelina C: To see to go get tested. So she just said that I call them. This is a thing I call them, tell them my symptoms and stuff. What I've been having for the last three weeks.
Angelina C: And it just the cough, the chills. The sweat. But I'm a lot of it was allergies that was causing my sickness, like the cold part like my runny nose and stuff.
Angelina C: And so she just told me to call the hotline, which we can't get through on and then they'll tell me if I have to go get a test done for it. The coronavirus
Angelina C: So that's what I've been doing. So that's pretty much it. And then nothing else has really changed. Everything's been doing really good since work.
Angelina C: I've they've kind of switched our schedule around so I do like a day shift. So like on I wrote down my hours for you because like, Monday, Tuesday, I'm off.
Angelina C: This next week, but on Wednesday, I get to do a day shift from nine to two. So that's kind of cool. I'm kind of excited to try that and then Thursday I just do a two to six so
Angelina C: I like the way it's going now. I like it. It's not as stressful at work, but let me think. What else was there. Um, I was going to tell you
Gwenevere Abriel: That's also see I'm at some point, I'll be able to turn my video on. Let's see if we can get yours to work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yours.
Angelina C: I don't. Yeah, my I have my do not disturb sign on. I don't know. You were there first.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I'd like you to do is I'd like to try and press the Start video button.
Angelina C: Now, they just blocked you out.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, actually, there's no
Angelina C: There you are.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Angelina C: And you see me.
Angelina C: Okay, and I still put my Do Not Disturb and then it kind of comes through and it just goes real low
Angelina C: But um yeah I know things are going good. My husband's going to try to come home for three days.
Angelina C: This week because of the oil fields. He was real stressed out that they were going to lose their jobs, but there's always work. So he knows he's not going to lose his job. So that's a good thing. But he'll be home Monday for the first time in a couple months. So we'll see how that goes.
Angelina C: I think that's pretty much everything else has been going okay um
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it impacted you hearing that you are being asked to be tested. You sound calm. Is that how it feels.
Angelina C: Um, no, um, I kind of was getting this the header explain. I was already getting the symptoms, um, of it before this even started.
Angelina C: People on my nose and stuff. So they. It was just allergies and I haven't been able to get an allergy shot. And so when she told me I kind of had a clue because everybody at our work has already been sick prior to this kinda but since we've had so many travelers in and out.
Angelina C: To me honestly going. Last year we lost so many of our clients last year. That's one reason I'm not nursing anymore.
Angelina C: I lost almost all my clients last year to the flu. So literally almost shut our company down because we've lost so many patients last year.
Angelina C: So to me, that's one reason I got out of the nursing, because it was just real, it took a toll on me last year. So this year, to me it just feels like a bad flu epidemic. Again, honestly. So to me, I'm not in a panic over it being in the nursing. So to me, I'm not too worried about it.
Angelina C: And like I said, with the sweating and stuff I i
Angelina C: Took a
Angelina C: Energy thing the other day energy drink little thing and it screwed me up my hormones, everything went to whack. Now, I guess that's what they're thinking. It's just, I'm in a pause now so
Gwenevere Abriel: Energy thing. Are you saying an energy drink.
Angelina C: Yes, and
Gwenevere Abriel: Connection between an energy drink and your hormonal balance.
Angelina C: It feels like that. That's what it feels like triggered it because I was kicking black cars for like two months there before I got on my car accident.
Angelina C: And then after that I just quit taking that the sweats and everything went away, but it came back now. So I think it just like the stuff we're off for so long after taking it.
Angelina C: Still, but yeah, now I'm it's just the the the sweat and chills like I'll wake up in the middle of the night soaking wet this growth.
Angelina C: And I don't sweat. I don't anymore. DEAL, MAN.
Angelina C: So that's what's yucky for me. But other than that, it doesn't really worry too much, but that's just because of the nursing field. And what I've been through already so I don't know if we can find a place to set down the fun. I'm super good find someplace to set
Gwenevere Abriel: You can find somewhere that has maybe maybe can bring your eye level to mine so you
Angelina C: See if I can do that over here. I might be able to do that right here.
Angelina C: Or something maybe
Angelina C: Are you doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Mike, I was hungry. I'm still hungry. My ears are congested. So I'm having to tilt my
Head, so I apologize behavior.
Angelina C: Are you scared of getting
Angelina C: Not really.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think a good way to put it is sort of a relaxed vigilance I've made myself the point person that goes shopping. I'll go to the pharmacy. I'm the one in the family that
Gwenevere Abriel: The same shoes from the supermarket into the house. So since I'm that person I've decided I'm better suited because of my personality.
Gwenevere Abriel: For that I will be mindful of it where other people won't think of it. So I've decided that for my self and protecting my family that I'm probably best suited for that so far.
Gwenevere Abriel: Today was a difficult day there was some resistance around probably some good ideas but most days we've been in isolation. Actually, no one's gone outside. No one's visiting friends we all are hunkered down and then I going to go out and get some get some food and
Gwenevere Abriel: People are going online. They're going to school online. And so, schools, about to restart for two of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: On Monday, one college student is already online all all this week. So we're just life goes on my life barely changes. In fact, I'm doing more shopping and i was i basically was a to go anywhere. And I was home all the time.
Angelina C: Do you work out of your home.
Angelina C: Yeah, where you're like, you get to it. Oh, how nice. That's nice. What it looks like an office. That's why I say it looks real pretty like
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes.
Angelina C: Oh, that's nice. So that's real nice. So at least you get to work out at home. Yeah. No, I'm not in like even some people come in like you're not wearing gloves. You're not wearing a mask but
Angelina C: And the other reason is me being a high risk being that I have lupus. They were real worried about it.
Angelina C: But the way my body feels. The only thing I'm going through is heat flashes like I'll start burning up sweating and then I get called but that I can. I'll go get Coco. Somebody told me they all natural cocoa and it's a teaspoon of it you take, it's a natural
Gwenevere Abriel: The 45 would be quite young to be going through even early menopause. What makes you think that's what it is that your doctor kind of think so.
Angelina C: Well, I had a complete hysterectomy.
Angelina C: At in 2003 and I had one ovary left and then
Angelina C: And then now when I did my bloodwork last about a year ago my zero masters and zero. But ultimately, what's the day they called me to go get my estrogen of the day I went in for a blood clot. My leg to the emergency room so
Angelina C: That's kind of where we're at.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so can we revisit estrogen for a moment.
Angelina C: Yes, anything
Gwenevere Abriel: And we yeah you said estrogen and zero.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't understand how is it left there, or are you taking
Gwenevere Abriel: Supplements to make sure
Angelina C: That changes I I was kicking back Koster.
Angelina C: About six months ago, seven months ago. And then I just quit taking it, because all the hot flashes like it went away, but my bloodwork showed my estrogen was at zero. So I'm thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what I'm going to look up whatever you just said so that I can inform myself, but I don't know what you're saying.
Angelina C: I'm I didn't understand it either until I went in and then I had the blood clots. I thought it was just because I get real bad Charley Horses
Angelina C: I'm from my potassium. I have a potassium
Angelina C: Deficiency and so with my potassium deficiency. I started getting real bad Charley Horses, so that's what I thought it was until I couldn't walk on my leg and then I went in and it was a blood clot. So I've been on blood thinners sense. So you can't take both at the same time.
Gwenevere Abriel: So are you saying the word and I see if I can find it this out and looked it up, it was. Wait, let me get back to it again BL a CK space CE O H. O. S. H. Okay. So, yeah, I'm seeing something in here and says,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's an ester an extract
Gwenevere Abriel: And and how did you come about this being your treatment for your zero estrogen. How did you come about this being the treatment of choice for you.
Angelina C: I went when I went, what happened. I didn't know what to do. I was going crazy because I like I said, I don't even wear deodorant. I don't sweat.
Angelina C: So for me, when I sweat. It's like I feel like I have the flu almost so when it started that I was seeing another doctor at Presbyterian and Albuquerque, and she was telling me that
Angelina C: I can't take the my
Angelina C: blood thinner that I have with the estrogen.
Angelina C: When you have a blood clot. You can't take it.
Angelina C: And so I looked online, like that. And I found somebody recommended the black cohosh so I started doing the black cars and then I just quit taking it, I guess. And out just came back again.
Angelina C: Well just recently. I don't know what it felt like I took a energy drink or size something triggered it because I was doing just fine. I was doing just fine to, like, a week ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: When did you start, I understand you stopped. When did you start taking sorry you probably told me
Angelina C: About I want to say about March, April last year.
Gwenevere Abriel: Start that
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on, hold on. When did you start taking estrogen.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know there was a stopping because you had the blood clot, but
Angelina C: I wanted to know when
Angelina C: I never even I started bus. Okay, so last January.
Angelina C: I was still out here in Edgewood and I've seen a doctor here and Edgewood and
Angelina C: That's when I went into the emergency room because I was trying to get out here with them before to Dr. Out here for a primary
Angelina C: And then I went back into Albuquerque. And I was saying with my mom. And that's what my mom and my aunt and have used that so i i tried. I was recommended that. So I asked my doctor and they said it was okay.
Angelina C: So I was taking that for a long time. But then I just remembered about my car accident around that time is when I quit taking them. So it's been about July, August, September, October, November, December, January now eight months, I've been off of it. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes region. Yeah.
Angelina C: But this lady gave me this name. Let me show you what
Angelina C: She gave me this name last night she wrote it down and it's supposed to be like a cocoa.
Angelina C: And it's supposed to, um,
Angelina C: Help, but it's all natural. And it's at Walmart. It's like four bucks. And it's a big thing, and you can get it and it works better than the other stuff. I was taking
Angelina C: It's like cocoa. I know that it's a cocoa.
Angelina C: I don't know if you've ever heard of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the bottom line is, you're not distressed you attribute it to sort of this rise and fall of estrogen levels so you can attribute that to that. So you're not really unsettled emotionally, you're kind of like I kind of already have it figured out. Yeah.
Angelina C: Kind of, but it is a it is. I'm like my anxiety.
Angelina C: And things like that. I feel that
Angelina C: When it started back up is when I got real stressed at work. And that's why I started getting the headaches real bad.
Angelina C: About two weeks ago, or when it all started with you when I started telling you what was going on over about a week and a half ago all this shit that happened at work. That's when I noticed when I got real stressed out. That's when it kicked in. It seemed like so. I don't know.
Angelina C: If the stress had anything to do with it or or if it's just me and my body. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I don't like this wedding, you had the
Gwenevere Abriel: Doctor explain this would be a pretty normal experience. This is to be expected because I kind of normalize
Angelina C: Not really, because when I had my hysterectomy. I was 30 something I had, and they left one ovary. But other than that, I
Angelina C: I don't know, it's, it seems like I have it under control, but I just don't like the feeling I guess you could say I'm uncomfortable that way.
Angelina C: Like I never break out. And since I sweated. Oh, it's like freaks me out because I don't usually break out. So now that I'm sweating so much I get I'm starting to break out. But other than that, I can handle it. It comes and goes. So
With your
Gwenevere Abriel: Husband returning. There were issues that we were just starting to talk about. We're starting our relationship and fidelity pieces really emotionally charged topics.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you doing around his coming back.
Angelina C: Um, I, I've had a I'm happy for him to coming back.
Angelina C: But just little things that he spits out makes me start feeling like, What are you doing, like, why, like I work with this kid he's 21 years old, he moved to the night shift a 21 year old little fat Doughboy cute cat. Right.
Angelina C: I'm 45 I'm old enough to be as damn long
And
Angelina C: Just a little marks. He makes under his breath, like, oh, of course, you'll say, I'm not sure, because there's a guy there but just little things like that his little comments. He's making are really, it bothers me but
Angelina C: How do I say it like what was the other thing.
Angelina C: Or say for example, the guy. He works with, say, for example, he's black. And I was with i i wasn't with a black guy but
Angelina C: He feels that I was with this black guy. And so he's like oh he's somebody you're like, like just this little comments he keeps spreading out
Angelina C: And annoying to me. But it's kind of like, I don't know if I know he's alone out there and I know how hard it is, because I've been on the road with him and know when you're out there alone. I know it's hard and lonely but
Angelina C: Just little things. He spits out just I'm trying to deal with it. But let it go. Kinda like say of course you work the night shift because there's a guy working on the night shift.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me to very solid examples.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's see what you do with it. But he says, well of course you're going to work the night shift. There's a guy working
Gwenevere Abriel: Just want to hear what meaning you make out of that comment.
Angelina C: But, you know, obviously I don't because you say brush it under the rug, honestly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Angelina C: So I'm kind of confused on your question, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know your solution is brush it under the rug.
Angelina C: Because I don't like it. I just don't like it.
Angelina C: That's not avoiding wait
Gwenevere Abriel: You do have a meaning you did do one you just brushed it quick. So let's just see just we just this takes like that time work stuff where we kind of slow down.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you hear it and you interpret it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does it mean to you. This is me already know what you were going to do. We're going to box it up. We're going to try to forget about it. I get the solution, but you do something with it. You make meaning out of that comment. And I want to know what it means to you. He says that
Angelina C: What hurts.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's how you feel. See if we can get to the thoughts that go through your head.
Angelina C: I don't know, I just, I don't know, to me it feels like I don't know. I really don't like I don't know. I guess it's
Angelina C: It's so new to me because now that I have you to talk to, I guess, like somebody that understood not the only understands, but
Angelina C: To finally hear and it not be my mom and be like, Oh, no. You got your story wrong that's
Angelina C: Are like for you to hear me. So it's kind of like, remember I told you I back. I feel so dumb. Sometimes when somebody asked me something that
Angelina C: I don't even know how to answer it sometimes. And you told me. Stop and think. But sometimes I just, I don't even know how to answer it. I feel so thumbs up. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well then let's see there for a second. I can reassure you about that, that I can help you with right away.
Angelina C: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So you as soon as you get that feeling.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really turned on the compassion because I spend all day every day. I'm like an expert at distinguishing between I even know the difference between a belief and a thought.
Gwenevere Abriel: That really what
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I can tell. So I'm already, we don't we don't. You don't have to feel insecure about it. This is my spot that like I know the ins and outs of communication and words and all of the dynamics of things.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're in it which means all of these things have this emotional intensity and I don't have it. I'm way out here, as if it's just this neutral book, you know, it's just like, Oh, well, yeah. Can anyone see this. This is the map. It's right here. And you're like, you're like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're right. Your nose is like, right. Yep. See the map because you're you're in it right but i have i can see it all up out here. So don't be hard on yourself when when I'm like this. And I was, I had one today. So I'm like this. I only see what
Gwenevere Abriel: I can only see what's like right there, that little
Angelina C: Died.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't step back, either you are normal.
Angelina C: It is hard. It just makes me feel like I think we're all the, I guess that's unlock that hurts to is because that has a lot to do with me growing up and not being able to communicate.
Angelina C: Title my alarm and to be able to communicate with people and to be shut down like I used to be.
Angelina C: The one to go. I used to be the go getter, go do this, go do that. And then it just seems like you get shot down so many times that it just feels like you're nothing. I guess you know I get it, but
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, it's hard. You don't have to have it in here. Um, so as quick as it comes, you can name it like you did you say real quick. Okay, I'm feeling kind of stupid. I don't know how to identify it and then let it go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I'm not thinking I'm thinking, There's something I've just got to be a better educator, I've got to come at it from a different way. But I'm never thinking that, Angie stupid never
Gwenevere Abriel: Never, never, never, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Genuinely mean that I look at it more like, Oh, I've got to try a different skill at this from a different way. Okay, so that's never crossing my mind.
Angelina C: Right. Today's a
Gwenevere Abriel: Really bad your day. Okay, so let's try this again.
Gwenevere Abriel: So one of the reasons why I'm asking you to really zero in on something is
Gwenevere Abriel: This is where we have some control and it's kind of fun to feel like in a moment where I feel out of control to get power back. So that's why I'm getting us over to the thought. So this is how it goes. These are words you really like working at night because, of course, there's a man there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you hear it. And then guess what happens, you make meaning and analyze it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would he would we all do. But you do it in your style. And so that's what I'm trying to get out. Now what I know, it's so it goes like this. He talks.
Gwenevere Abriel: You hear it and you analyze it. What you do is emotionally. You get hurt. And then you don't like to feel hurt and you box it up sweep it under the rug and you, you say to yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not going to think about it. Now, that's the solution. Sometimes what people do is they act out and they might get angry. They might take it out on someone else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some people might use drugs and alcohol when they try to box it up, it doesn't stay boxed up and under the rug last week over sex. We under sex. We overwork we sleep. We do love gamble. We can do any number of things over eat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Lots of ways to solve.
Gwenevere Abriel: The hurt, but the part that I'm trying to get at is this and I'll give you an example. And you might find your own meaning when I pretend like it means something to me. So if I hear this coming at me. This is the meaning that makes up for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm untrustworthy.
That's what it means to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not trusted and not only am I not trusted he has solid evidence that I'm not trustworthy. He's right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's one version. That's a made up story I made that up.
Gwenevere Abriel: So for you when you hear him say that, which is a very passive aggressive thing to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we can go into ways he could say differently, but just for now, we're not going to change him.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want to know what it means to you that someone says, oh, of course, you're going to want to work at night. There's a guy there. What does it mean to you. What goes through your head. What are some of the thoughts that you think about
Angelina C: The he's doing something that he's done some that
Angelina C: Just like his little remarks, I feel like either
Angelina C: Was either at a strip club or something because he just the way he acted so I just start assuming right away that he's up to no good, you know,
Angelina C: So that's usually when we're getting along fine. None of that gets thrown around. But he had a one of the guys. He works with that he's going to bring this truck back up on Monday. Say for example, I'm just going to kind of throw this out there with
Angelina C: This is
Angelina C: This is what makes me honestly nervous that he comes home because
Angelina C: I feel even though he's been away he he has an addiction to
Angelina C: And I feel that when he hit his friend came back this last week from coming up to New Mexico, he was acting different he quits car he he doesn't talk to me to like
Angelina C: I shouldn't say doesn't talk to him. He just want to interest phone and say, sleeping, but when two days go by, he doesn't realize two days gone by and I'm still like okay well you know I just give up. I get to where I don't care because I either. I know he's done something or
Angelina C: I don't feel like he's talking to anybody. But now, like
Angelina C: For example, his comment was, oh, the strip clubs are closed. He knows I can't stand that because that's where he used to go when we break up with strip clubs. So when he threw that out there kind of
Angelina C: It bothered me. It really did because I started thinking to myself, you know, I understand he's away. I understand he's gone for six weeks that he wants to save his money and do all this but he's pitching at me.
Angelina C: Because I'm buying groceries. I haven't gotten. Oh, I did splurge a little bit on makeup, but other than that.
Angelina C: Honestly, I'm making nine bucks an hour with me and my daughter, and he's paying all the bills, which is great.
Angelina C: But we go get groceries and come home and that's like almost my whole paycheck. One of my for every two weeks.
Angelina C: And then he'll say, oh, I make that in a day. I can make that in two days. I get that. But I'm not quitting my job even though it's a little easy one because
Angelina C: I at least I have some income. I got stuck without WE WERE ABSOLUTELY HAVE NOTHING absolutely rock bottom, nothing.
Angelina C: And I'm not doing that again I rather stay at a gas station make nine bucks an hour and at least have something coming in. So he just put the little things he says just just hurts. This is a little shaky comments but I
Angelina C: You know I I don't expect him not, you know, he's a man. I get that, that he's been faithful to me before, and he's done it good before so I know he
Angelina C: You know, and it's hard. They're all down there with guys and stuff. I'm trying to trust him. I have my daughter here. My daughter human walks and hangs out with me at work, you know, show up down there hanging out with me at work and stuff, you know, when she gets bored.
Angelina C: But it's kind of like I
Angelina C: I feel like 35 years of this relationship. I put so much into and, you know, it's hard to as we went to high school out here. So there's a lot of people that I see from high school, too, but
Angelina C: It's hard, it is because I sit there started thinking, well, and then he'll say, Oh, I'm out here working all by myself and, you know,
Angelina C: I'm the one that's all along, but he'll start, how do I say it like he'll start throwing out shooting there. It's like, you know, you were. You could have got a job here.
Angelina C: And stayed local but he's always wanted to try the oil fields and he loves it.
Angelina C: So that's good. I'm happy for him. But right now, he's going to go and he'll come home. This instead of coming on the full week after six weeks. He'll only be home a week. He's only coming on three days.
Angelina C: Because he doesn't want to lose a spot, which is fine and he can't go to Walmart to send me money now because they can't park the trucks at Walmart parking right now.
Angelina C: They won't let them park their trucks there for some reason, I don't know what I don't know. So, oh, that kind of an excuse. You just didn't send it home to me. You know what I mean.
Angelina C: So that's what I'm dealing with that. It's kind of like
Angelina C: I, I hope in the next two years, we knock this down, get a new house. There's so many dreams I have. But he, I think.
Angelina C: He wants one thing, but does another kinda not not all the time. Just one like he was clean. He's been clean over eight months. And I'm just so scared for him to come home now that he has money.
Angelina C: You know that's what worries me.
Angelina C: Was moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: drug of choice. What was he doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Feels offseason part as
Angelina C: Well, and yeah, he has done that too. Yeah.
Angelina C: He's done math to but he
Gwenevere Abriel: Prefers opiates. That's just go to
Angelina C: Yeah, so that's why it cuz I was supposed to me, good my doctor wanted me to make a
Angelina C: And I promised my youngest because she was doing what stuck out to me through rehab that I would never get back on them again and now my doctor sending me to the pain clinic because now that I've been on the the Suboxone and
Angelina C: I don't know if I've already built a tolerance or what, but I still have that breakthrough pain real bad.
Angelina C: Like the other day I had it so bad at work. I almost thought I was going to pass out. I literally got light headed, and it would hurt my back was hurting so bad, but I know I can make it through.
Angelina C: So they put me on approximate I started bleeding. I can't do it with my blood thinners so certain things we're trying to do around it.
Angelina C: And they want to send me to Santa Rosa to the Pain Clinic and I'm too scared to go because I don't want to get back on those again. I just think it gives us Aster
Angelina C: Either leaving been and be uncomfortable than happy to bring that back in my mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't think you'll be able to stay in this program so
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, this is an interest.
Angelina C: That's what scared small
Gwenevere Abriel: No way to you like this job, in some ways, there's no way to really come to terms with this condition with your back that they're, they're just sitting too and standing like a little combination there.
Angelina C: Yeah, it's good to hear. I can hear you, Mike, what am I get us. I put my do don't disturb on like you told me and then I did it, but when some when something comes through. I can't hear you. Sorry. Okay, what
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the volume. Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Check, check. So I think I also had to two levels down so I just turned it up a little bit. Also, so I'm hearing you. And I can see I just saw that you had some tears. So the pain is a really big concern for you also.
Gwenevere Abriel: See implications that that might mean because this is they don't prescribe short acting opiates. It's just the buprenorphine. So this would be a big decision you know whether to stay or, you know, whatever. So, can, can we explore
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever had some pain relief when you incorporated a very structured routine stretching exercise like a yoga every morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Every, every evening.
I am
Angelina C: Yeah, I was doing. I used to get up a walk was my go to like I go out there and walk for miles to mastermind. As long as I can keep going and just if I have a lot of my mind. That's my go to, but
Angelina C: I haven't done it. I'm even thinking of walking to work because we have to put things in our car because we can't. We're not supposed to be driving
Angelina C: That we don't close to 10 so I have it in our car and I was even the I can even walk. It's just right here, kinda, but it's still cold and my glass out have been screwed was dumping rain, but it just little things like that and i i honestly
Angelina C: Feel like this go around.
Angelina C: Money wise Eric Thomas. So we're now that we're kind of doing okay. It seems like the world's falling apart now that we finally have an income. Do you know what I mean, like we got an incoming everything coming but
Angelina C: I, that's what I stress about like he's pitching me to save my money. I don't even know how when I'm just getting groceries. We haven't even gone to Albuquerque to get Michaela bra. Nothing, it's just been on food and it just makes me feel like
Angelina C: You know, we've never monies and every movie problem until the opioids came into the picture. He's never even money's never even be an issue. And now,
Angelina C: It's kind of like I finally asked him yesterday. If we, I know that we have Leagues Under the house but I told him.
Angelina C: Because he sent Michaela how much he made in one week it was like 2600. I said, Can we at least get the water on I'll go turn it off at least we'll have running water, you know,
Angelina C: So we're trying to do that. So I think when he comes home. I think we're going to, I'm going to call them and have it turned on.
Angelina C: So I'm running water.
Gwenevere Abriel: About four minutes before I have to start a group, if you can believe that the time has gone by.
Angelina C: Oh, gosh. Well, I had down 12 I'm glad you text me last early last night because I had down 12 today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well 12 is a group
Angelina C: Oh, what's wrong. I wonder if I should. Well, I'll wait to do that. But yeah, I have
Gwenevere Abriel: And I figure out next week.
Angelina C: Okay.
Next week,
Gwenevere Abriel: On Friday and Saturday.
Angelina C: And Monday I probably going to do a makeup group on Monday. But I think what I'll do is since I'm off MONDAY AND HE'LL BE HOME. I'll stick to Thursday, cuz I worked from two to six on Thursday, so I'll do group at 11
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and you said you're off on
Gwenevere Abriel: You said Monday.
Angelina C: Monday, Tuesday, and then I work Wednesday nine to two and then
Angelina C: Thursday was two to six so i going from just two to six so
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to meet it like 110 on March 31
Angelina C: What day is it Tuesday. Sure. Okay. On Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: March 31 at 10 minutes after one
Gwenevere Abriel: This way I'll actually eat.
Angelina C: All you've got
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Angelina C: It's Tuesday. Or do you have another Thursday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, let me see.
Gwenevere Abriel: The 6am, and then there's looks like I'm running it 1230 or two.
Angelina C: Which just is it this coming Tuesday, then right yeah okay let's just put us in there. Um, and then I'll do
Angelina C: TUESDAY THE 31st.
Angelina C: At 110
Angelina C: Okay fine to run out. Just eat something quickly. Yeah, that'll work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we've got that. And then we'll see you in group.
Gwenevere Abriel: On April 2
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there. Do you need me to message. The doctor or you have enough medicine to get you all the way to either TUESDAY THE 31st or all the way to April 2 yeah
Angelina C: We do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so today might just be sort of a day where we one of those days where you kind of do the the offload to get it off your chest kind of day.
Angelina C: Yeah, those helped a lot. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's nice, too.
Angelina C: Because I hold a lot in I don't like
Angelina C: Those help a lot. But yeah, okay, well, I'll see you on Tuesday. And then
Angelina C: I end up doing know
Angelina C: Tuesday and Thursday. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll send you a little message on Monday night, I hope to and just messaged me back that
Angelina C: If I don't, I don't know what happened yesterday, we lost all internet phone service everything
Angelina C: I was texting and I didn't know what happened. But when I got down to work it worked fine and it's been working fine sense. So I don't know what happened. My both their phones went out yesterday so
Angelina C: If I don't text you back right away. I'll get it eventually. Let's take him down off the mountain.
All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about have a safe weekend. Still, I know you're a nurse and just
Gwenevere Abriel: Just be mindful because Iris doesn't discriminate nurses, doctors is still gonna right
Angelina C: So just be careful not all. Oh, yeah.
Angelina C: Yeah, it's hard. I try not to let it but yeah it's I it doesn't bother me as bad, like one lady was like, Why aren't you wearing gloves. I said,
Angelina C: Because it's going to scare everybody and freak everybody else out and then everybody's wearing masks now at work and stuff. So I don't know if we're gonna have to start wearing them, but I will. But we'll see. But you have a good weekend, too. And thanks
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'll see to see you this week.
Angelina C: Okay, feel better.